Added Swift programming language courses (#8832)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: courses/free-courses-hi.md

* [Software Engineering](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxCzCOWd7aiEed7SKZBnC6ypFDWYLRvB2) - Gate Smashers

### Swift

> * [Swift Complete Course for Beginners (Playlist)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLWZIhpNhtvfqBd00bF3ouroGHMPe-iroO) - Yogesh Patel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Swift Tutorials For Beginners(Full) in Hindi.](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLWZIhpNhtvfqBd00bF3ouroGHMPe-iroO) - Yogesh Patel
```
Do not change the resource name
